Document Safety Hub (#433)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/resources/safety-hub.mdx

| classification_type   | integer                                                  | The [classification type](#classification-type)                    |
| description           | string                                                   | A brief description of the classification                          |
| explainer_link        | string                                                   | URL to a detailed explanation of the classification                |
| actions               | array[[action](#actions-object) object]                  | List of actions taken as part of the classification                |
| max_expiration_time   | ?ISO8601 timestamp                                       | The time at which the classification will expire                   |
| flagged_content       | array[[flagged content](#flagged-content-object) object] | List of messages that was flagged as part of the classification    |
| appeal_status?        | [appeal status](#appeal-status) object                   | Status of an appeal related to the classification                  |

> | is_coppa              | boolean                                                  | Whether the classification is related to COPPA                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| is_coppa              | boolean                                                  | Whether the classification is a COPPA violation                    |
```

| is_spam               | boolean                                                  | Whether the classification is related to spam                      |

> | appeal_ingestion_type | integer                                                  | How a nominal appeal should be submitted                           |

Reviewer: add a footnote to this and the above 2 fields outining the client behavior around appeals that we discussed

| guild_metadata? ^1^   | [guild metadata](#guild-metadata-object) object          | Metadata related to the guild where the classification was applied |

^1^ Only present on guild classifications.

> ###### Actions Object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Actions Structure
```
same for all the below...

| Field       | Type                                                             | Description                                      |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| id          | snowflake                                                        | The message ID that was flagged content          |
| content     | string                                                           | The content that was flagged                     |
| attachments | array[[attachment](/resources/message#attachment-object) object] | Attachments related to the flagged content       |
| type        | string                                                           | The type of content (currently always `message`) |

###### Guild Member Type

| Value | Name   | Description        |
| ----- | ------ | ------------------ |
| 1     | OWNER  | Owner of the guild |
| 2     | MEMBER | Regular member     |

###### Appeal Status

| Value | Name                       | Description        |
| ----- | -------------------------- | ------------------ |
| 1     | REVIEW_PENDING             | Appeal pending     |

> | 2     | CLASSIFICATION_UPHELD      | Appeal upheld      |
> | 3     | CLASSIFICATION_INVALIDATED | Appeal invalidated |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2     | CLASSIFICATION_UPHELD      | Appeal denied, classification remains |
| 3     | CLASSIFICATION_INVALIDATED | Appeal accepted, classification removed |
```
these make no sense

| 1     | DSA_ELIGIBLE        | User is eligible for DSA appeal              |
| 2     | IN_APP_ELIGIBLE     | User is eligible for in-app appeal           |
| 3     | AGE_VERIFY_ELIGIBLE | User is eligible for age verification appeal |

###### Appeal Ingestion Type

| Value | Name       | Description                                     |
| ----- | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| 0     | WEBFORM    | Appeal should be submitted via webform          |
| 1     | AGE_VERIFY | Appeal should be submitted via age verification |
| 2     | IN_APP ^1^ | Appeal should be submitted in-app               |

^1^ Classifications that are marked as spam or COPPA violations cannot be appealed in-app.

###### Appeal Ingestion Signal

| Value | Name                 | Description                                       |
| ----- | -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| 0     | DIDNT_VIOLATE_POLICY | User believes they did not violate policy         |
| 1     | TOO_STRICT_UNFAIR    | User believes the action was too strict or unfair |
| 2     | DONT_AGREE_PENALTY   | User does not agree with the penalty              |

> | 3     | SOMETHING_ELSE       | User believes it's something else                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3     | SOMETHING_ELSE       | User is appealing for a different reason |
```

      "value": "To see the details of this violation, please update the app or open Discord in your browser.",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "classification_id",
      "value": "1411751868690075770",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "incident_time",
      "value": "1756658274.0",
      "inline": false
    }
  ],
  "content_scan_version": 2
}
```

###### Safety System Notification Embed Structure

| Field                  | Type      | Description                                                        |
| ---------------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| client_version_message | string    | The message that appears if the client is too old                  |
| classification_id      | snowflake | The classification ID associated with the notice                   |
| body                   | string    | The content of the embed                                           |
| icon_type              | string    | The icon to use in the embed                                       |
| header                 | string    | The header of the embed                                            |

> | timestamp              | float     | The Unix timestamp (in milliseconds) of when the incident occurred |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| timestamp              | float     | The Unix timestamp (in seconds) of when the incident occurred |
```

| theme                  | string    | The theme of the embed (currently always `default`)                |
| ctas                   | string    | CTAs to display                                                    |
| learn_more_link?       | string    | Link for the "Learn More" CTA                                      |

> ###### Safety System Notification CTA Types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Safety System Notification CTA Type
```

      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "body",
      "value": "We reviewed a violation regarding our minimum age requirements policy and determined it does not violate our community guidelines. We have removed this violation from your account.",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "icon_type",
      "value": "default",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "header",
      "value": "We have removed a violation from your account",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "timestamp",
      "value": "1756658765.703625",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "theme",
      "value": "default",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "ctas",
      "value": "learn_more_link",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "learn_more_link",
      "value": "https://support.discord.com/hc/articles/18210965981847-Discord-Warning-System",
      "inline": false
    },
    {
      "name": "classification_id",
      "value": "1411751868690075770",
      "inline": false
    }
  ],
  "content_scan_version": 2
}
```

## Endpoints

<RouteHeader method="GET" url="/safety-hub/@me">

>   Get Current User's Safety Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get User Safety Hub
```

</RouteHeader>

> Returns the [safety hub](#safety-hub-object) object for the current user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a [safety hub](#safety-hub-object) object for the current user.
```

<RouteHeader method="POST" url="/safety-hub/suspended/@me" unauthenticated>

>   Get Suspended User's Safety Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Get Suspended User Safety Hub
```
why ru adding apostrophes

</RouteHeader>

> Returns the [safety hub](#safety-hub-object) object for a suspended user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a [safety hub](#safety-hub-object) object for a suspended user.
```

###### JSON Params

| Field | Type   | Description              |
| ----- | ------ | ------------------------ |
| token | string | The suspended user token |

<RouteHeader method="PUT" url="/safety-hub/request-review/{classification.id}">

>   Request Review for Classification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Request Classification Review
```

</RouteHeader>

Requests a review for a specific classification ID.

###### JSON Params

| Field      | Type    | Description                                             |
| ---------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| signal     | integer | The [appeal ingestion signal](#appeal-ingestion-signal) |

> | user_input | string  | Additional user input for the appeal                    |

Reviewer: max chars?

###### Response Body

| Field     | Type      | Description          |
| --------- | --------- | -------------------- |
| appeal_id | snowflake | The ID of the appeal |

<RouteHeader method="PUT" url="/safety-hub/suspended/request-review/{classification.id}" unauthenticated>

>   Request Review for Classification for Suspended User
> </RouteHeader>
> 
> Requests a review for a specific classification ID.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Request Classification Review for Suspended User
</RouteHeader>

Requests a review for a specific classification ID.

```
